d:\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WekaTest\WekaTest\bin\Debug\WekaTest.exe.config
d:\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WekaTest\WekaTest\bin\Debug\WekaTest.exe
d:\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WekaTest\WekaTest\bin\Debug\WekaTest.pdb
d:\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WekaTest\WekaTest\bin\Debug\IKVM.AWT.WinForms.dll
d:\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WekaTest\WekaTest\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.Beans.dll
d:\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WekaTest\WekaTest\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.Charsets.dll
d:\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WekaTest\WekaTest\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.Cldrdata.dll
d:\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WekaTest\WekaTest\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.Corba.dll
d:\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WekaTest\WekaTest\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.Core.dll
d:\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WekaTest\WekaTest\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.Jdbc.dll
d:\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WekaTest\WekaTest\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.Localedata.dll
d:\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WekaTest\WekaTest\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.Management.dll
d:\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WekaTest\WekaTest\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.Media.dll
d:\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WekaTest\WekaTest\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.Misc.dll
d:\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WekaTest\WekaTest\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.Naming.dll
d:\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WekaTest\WekaTest\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.Nashorn.dll
d:\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WekaTest\WekaTest\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.Remoting.dll
d:\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WekaTest\WekaTest\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.Security.dll
d:\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WekaTest\WekaTest\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.SwingAWT.dll
d:\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WekaTest\WekaTest\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.Text.dll
d:\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WekaTest\WekaTest\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.Tools.dll
d:\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WekaTest\WekaTest\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.Util.dll
d:\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WekaTest\WekaTest\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.XML.API.dll
d:\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WekaTest\WekaTest\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.XML.Bind.dll
d:\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WekaTest\WekaTest\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.XML.Crypto.dll
d:\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WekaTest\WekaTest\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.XML.Parse.dll
d:\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WekaTest\WekaTest\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.XML.Transform.dll
d:\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WekaTest\WekaTest\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.XML.WebServices.dll
d:\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WekaTest\WekaTest\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.XML.XPath.dll
d:\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WekaTest\WekaTest\bin\Debug\IKVM.Runtime.dll
d:\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WekaTest\WekaTest\bin\Debug\IKVM.Runtime.JNI.dll
d:\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WekaTest\WekaTest\bin\Debug\weka.dll
d:\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WekaTest\WekaTest\obj\Debug\WekaTest.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
d:\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WekaTest\WekaTest\obj\Debug\WekaTest.exe
d:\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WekaTest\WekaTest\obj\Debug\WekaTest.pdb
d:\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WekaTest\WekaTest\bin\Debug\Attributes.dll
D:\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Weka\WekaTest\bin\Debug\WekaTest.exe.config
D:\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Weka\WekaTest\bin\Debug\WekaTest.exe
D:\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Weka\WekaTest\bin\Debug\WekaTest.pdb
D:\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Weka\WekaTest\bin\Debug\Attributes.dll
D:\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Weka\WekaTest\bin\Debug\IKVM.AWT.WinForms.dll
D:\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Weka\WekaTest\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.Beans.dll
D:\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Weka\WekaTest\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.Charsets.dll
D:\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Weka\WekaTest\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.Cldrdata.dll
D:\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Weka\WekaTest\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.Corba.dll
D:\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Weka\WekaTest\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.Core.dll
D:\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Weka\WekaTest\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.Jdbc.dll
D:\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Weka\WekaTest\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.Localedata.dll
D:\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Weka\WekaTest\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.Management.dll
D:\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Weka\WekaTest\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.Media.dll
D:\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Weka\WekaTest\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.Misc.dll
D:\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Weka\WekaTest\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.Naming.dll
D:\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Weka\WekaTest\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.Nashorn.dll
D:\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Weka\WekaTest\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.Remoting.dll
D:\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Weka\WekaTest\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.Security.dll
D:\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Weka\WekaTest\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.SwingAWT.dll
D:\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Weka\WekaTest\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.Text.dll
D:\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Weka\WekaTest\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.Tools.dll
D:\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Weka\WekaTest\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.Util.dll
D:\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Weka\WekaTest\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.XML.API.dll
D:\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Weka\WekaTest\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.XML.Bind.dll
D:\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Weka\WekaTest\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.XML.Crypto.dll
D:\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Weka\WekaTest\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.XML.Parse.dll
D:\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Weka\WekaTest\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.XML.Transform.dll
D:\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Weka\WekaTest\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.XML.WebServices.dll
D:\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Weka\WekaTest\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.XML.XPath.dll
D:\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Weka\WekaTest\bin\Debug\IKVM.Runtime.dll
D:\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Weka\WekaTest\bin\Debug\IKVM.Runtime.JNI.dll
D:\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Weka\WekaTest\bin\Debug\weka.dll
D:\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Weka\WekaTest\obj\Debug\WekaTest.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Weka\WekaTest\obj\Debug\WekaTest.exe
D:\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Weka\WekaTest\obj\Debug\WekaTest.pdb
